

                   Project Title:-"Generic drugs supply portal" 
SRS(System Requirement Specification)

//SRS also get changed

Team: 
	Customer, Architect, Domain Expert, Bussiness Analyst
	QA will interact together to form SRS document.
Document Owner: System Analyst.
					
Purpose:"Reduction in expenditures without compromising health outcomes.
The most important benefit of generic medicines is not cost-savings,
but increased health gain."
	
Scope:
	->This system allows the customer's to maintain their product for add or remove the product over the internet.
	Shoppers will be able to manage thier products stock.

Definitions:
	  OSS----Online Shopping System
	  SSL-----Secure Socket layer
	  pdf-----Acrobat Document Reader file
	  QA------Quality Assurance 
	  HTML----Hyper Text Markup language document as web page
	  RDBMS---Relational Database management System
	redundant--not or no longer needed or useful; superfluous.

Overview:
	This System provides an easy solution to  customer's to buy the medicine at cheaper rate without going to the Generic Medical
	and also shop owner to sale their  products online.
	The Online shopping application helps to manage the items in the shoppers' carts and also helps customers to purchase.
	The online shopping system will use the internet as the sole method for selling medicine to its consumers.


	
Functional Requirement:
	This section provides requirement overview of the system. 
	Various functional modules that can be implemented by 
	
		This seciton provides requirements overview of the system.
		Various functional modules that can be implemented by system
		Any anonymous user can view products from product catalog.
		System will provide registration for newCustomers and  shoppers.
		User can get details of the product choosen from product catalog.
		Users can get review, rating details for product selected as well.
		Users will be able to add selected product into shopping maintained by system.
		User can remove items from Shoppingcart on thier choice
		Users can view all items from Shopping Cart.
		Only registered customers are allowed to place new Order .
		Customers are always asked for validation to access information about Orders.		
		Registered Customer can cancel orders within 24 hours.
		
		

		New Shopper can provides his/her personal and business details for registraion.
		Registered shopper can request for product to be sold using online shopping portal.
		Registered shopper can track approval or rejection of Products request for selling on onlineshopping protal.
		Registered shopper can update product details maintained in product catalog.
		Registered shopper can get reviews and rating  maintained for products.
		Registered shopper can check thier Product details sold through onlineshopping Details.
		Registered shopper would have been notified for retuned products due refund policy and payment rollback will be taken care.


		
		
		
		 (Use Cases)
		(Users)----------------Roles----------------------------------------------------------------------------
																 Product Catalog
		
Non-Functional Requirements
	
	1.Security: ? SSL----- https://www.genericmedicines.in
		use of SSL in all transaction that include confidential customer information.
		//The system should not leave any cookies on the customer's computer containing users's password.
		The system's back-end servers shall  only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
		//Sensitive data will be encrypted  before being sent onver insecure connections like internet.
		//The proper firewalls should be developed to avoid intrusions from the internal or external sources.
	
	2.Reliability:?

			The system provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with  automatic switchover. 
			The main pillar of reliability of the system  is the backup of the database.
			conitinously maintained and update to reflect  the most recenet changes.?

	3:Availability:
			uptime : It mean 24 * 7 availability
			99.9999%

	4:Maintainability:?
	A commercial database is used for maintaining the database and application server takes care of the site. 
	The maintainability can be done efficiently.?

	5.Portability:	
			The application is HTML and scripting language based (Javascript). 
			So the end user part is fully portable and any system using 
			any web browser should be able to use the features of the system,
			system,
			including any hardware platform that is available or will be available in the futuer. 
		 	An end-user  is used this system on an OS;either it is Windows or Linux.  
			The System shall run on PC, Laptops and PDA.etc. from access point of view
			The technology should be transferable to different environments easily.

	6.Accessibility:

			 Only registered users should be allowed to process the orders after authentications.
			 Only GUI access of the system should be permited to end users.		
	
	7.Policies:
		  	The system should adhere to all the legal formalities of the particular State.
		   	The system should maintain security related to sensitive data.
	
	8.Efficiency:
			The system should provide good throughput and 
			response to multiple users without burdening the system by using appropriate number of servers.

	9.Safety:
		 	Software should not harm ethical and environmental conditions of the end users  machine.
	
	10.Modularity:
			The system should have user friendly interface
			It shouls be easily updated, modified and reused.
